README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Testimonials grid section solution

This is a solution to the [Testimonials grid section challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/testimonials-grid-section-Nnw6J7Un7). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size

### Screenshot
#### Desktop preview
<p><img align="center" src="design/Screenshot Desktop - Frontend Mentor - Testimonials Grid Section.png"/></p>

#### Mobile preview 
<p><img align="center" width="30%" src="design/Screenshot Mobile - Frontend Mentor - Testimonials Grid Section.png"/></p>

### Links

- [Solution URL](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/testimonials-grid-section-c7mqOug6Pf)
- [Live Site URL](https://codepapa360.github.io/testimonials-grid-section-layout)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@CodePapa360](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/CodePapa360)
- Twitter - [@CodePapa360](https://www.twitter.com/CodePapa360)
- LinkedIn - [@CodePapa360](https://www.linkedin.com/in/codepapa360)

Commit message:

Update with my new username (CodeWithAlamin)

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Testimonials grid section solution

This is a solution to the [Testimonials grid section challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/testimonials-grid-section-Nnw6J7Un7). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size

### Screenshot

#### Desktop preview

<p><img align="center" src="design/Screenshot Desktop - Frontend Mentor - Testimonials Grid Section.png"/></p>

#### Mobile preview

<p><img align="center" width="30%" src="design/Screenshot Mobile - Frontend Mentor - Testimonials Grid Section.png"/></p>

### Links

- [Solution URL](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/testimonials-grid-section-c7mqOug6Pf)
- [Live Site URL](https://testimonials-grid-section-alamin.netlify.app)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@CodeWithAlamin](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/CodeWithAlamin)
- Twitter - [@CodeWithAlamin](https://www.twitter.com/CodeWithAlamin)
- LinkedIn - [@CodeWithAlamin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/CodeWithAlamin)
